docs: add TrueFullstaq to `ADOPTERS.md` (#8691)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: ADOPTERS.md

| [Vera Rubin Observatory](https://www.lsst.org) | [@cbarria](https://github.com/cbarria) | 2025-06-17 | At the heart of our operations, CloudNativePG supports the telescope's systems and plays a key role in making astronomical data openly accessible to the world. |
| [Brella](https://www.brella.io) | [@vitobotta](https://github.com/vitobotta/) | 2025-08-11 | Brella is an event management platform that works in new and smart ways. Postgres is at the core of how our platform is built. With CloudNativePG, we moved from using a managed Postgres service - Cloud SQL on Google Cloud - to running Postgres clusters directly in Kubernetes. This change saves us money and gives us more control. At the same time, we didn't lose any functionality.|
| [Linux Polska](https://linuxpolska.com) | [@maaciekk](https://github.com/maaciekk) | 2025-08-11 | CloudNativePG is our gold standard for providing highly available databases in a Kubernetes environment, powering mission-critical applications across various industries like healthcare and finance. Independent rebuilds of CloudNativePG images are also part of our SourceMation stack. |

> | [TrueFullstaq](https://truefullstaq.com/)                                          | [@leppek](https://github.com/leppek)                                                           | 2025-09-30 | As a leading cloud native consultancy, TrueFullStaq designs, builds, and manages scalable and secure custom infrastructure for their clients. They've adopted CloudNativePG as a foundational component for their managed PostgreSQL offerings, leveraging its Kubernetes-native approach, declarative management, and high-availability features to deliver robust and easily maintainable database environments. By building on CloudNativePG, TrueFullStaq ensures their customers benefit from a declarative, production-ready foundation for their data-driven cloud native journey. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [TrueFullstaq](https://truefullstaq.com/)                                          | [@leppek](https://github.com/leppek)                                                           | 2025-09-30 | As a leading cloud native consultancy, TrueFullStaq designs, builds, and manages scalable and secure custom infrastructure for our clients. We have adopted CloudNativePG as a foundational component of our managed PostgreSQL offerings, leveraging its Kubernetes-native approach, declarative management, and high-availability features to deliver robust and easily maintainable database environments. By building on CloudNativePG, we ensure that our customers benefit from a declarative, production-ready foundation for their data-driven cloud native journey. |
```
